71% Of people perceive meetings as unproductive and boring. In this video, I want to give you a couple of ideas. To make them a little more fun and engaging. Where you do something different and fun. This will help engagement. It will also help your colleagues and your teammates. Get to know each other better.

And also these ideas are so great. And creative break. Idea number one. Bring in your favorite childhood snack. In August, someone brings in their favorite hot dog. And you don't know what it's going to be. Until you show up to the meeting.

Idea number two. Skills, and talents at work. But do you know their skills and talents outside of work? Have one meeting a month where you rotate. And someone shows off a unique skill. Or a superior knowledge of cartoons from the 50s. Whatever that is, they can develop a little PowerPoint.

Or do an activity where they get to show off that skill. For just a few minutes at the start or end of a meeting. Three, I love this one. This is great if you're also in a virtual team. Art Walk is you show people a piece of art in your house. And you explain what it meant to you. It could be a movie poster or a kids drawing.

Or a banner that you bought on your trip to Switzerland,. Any kind of art that's in your house. You can show it off and talk about what it means. To you on your video call. By the way, if people don't have art,. Film the blank f you wanna show people. In your house that has a cool story.

Simple but easy, outdoor meeting. You can do this in person. Where you do the entire meeting outside. Or even if you're virtual,. And do the meeting wherever they are outdoors. Five, this is a super simple idea. You could do it at the start of every meeting.

You pick a warm up song. So you rotate who gets to pick it,. But at the very beginning of the meeting,. When everyone's first locking on,. It could be their favorite song or a childhood song. And they get to briefly explain why they picked it. It's great for those first minute or two.

When people are slowly logging on and you're saying,. And you're just checking your email. Six, office scavenger hunt. Okay, I love this one. It's super fun. You could also do a city scavenger hunt,. Depending on how you're doing.

Where there's a secret clue in the office. For whoever wants to find it. This is great if you're a little bit creative. And you just wanna get people excited. For something at the end of the meeting,. You could have a secret clue waiting for them. This can be a five or 10 minute activity.

It doesn't have to take the entire meeting,. And hopefully get creative juices flowing. Before a creative collaboration meeting. Or a brainstorm meeting. Eight, show and tell. I loved show and tell as a kid. And talk about it in their meeting.

You can do this virtually or in person. It's so fun to do this at least once a year. Because the team can pick a book that they're reading,. Assign the book, get everyone a month or two to read it. And then you could have a team meeting. Where you discuss the book, talk about questions. And that way you're learning and growing together.

Last one, bring in a speaker, bring in me. Is there a local speaker or someone that you think. Would help your team level up with professional development,. Reach out to them, reach out to me,. See if I can come and speak to your meeting. I'm in Austin, Texas, if anyone's local,. And see if you can learn from a speaker or an expert.

You can also just watch a great TED Talk. Watch my TED Talk at the start of a meeting. Or watch a TED Talk together virtually. So that it's bringing an expert. Can also bring in fresh perspective.
